book name : summary
chapter 1: introduction
In this chapter, the author explains how the gold miner learned to quit his job and become a successful man. The child becomes a life-insurance salesman and is the chief characteristic of barnes's desire to work in edisson. The daughter of he tenant walks in and takes her place next to the door. The book will be published in Chapter 21. Barnes had expected that the opportunity would slip into the back door, but instead it was discovered that the principles contained in the book were true. He took the opportunity to speak with the inventor about the first meeting among barnes and Edison two years later. The chinesan government is trying "to raise awareness aboutthe problem of the Chinese community" and returns home to williamburg, maryland where he has lived for 26 years. The author says that the book contains all the best of everything that are known concerning the Principles and Ways of providing ideas." The depression fades into nothingness as an electrician works on a theater lights so gradually the at darkness is transformed into light before we realize it so does the spell of Fear in the mindsof the people graduallyfading away. Darby also learns from the experience that our brain magnetizes with these thoughts. This knowledge leads him to believe that there can be no way to achieve success. At the end of year, they checked with engineers again and again found no ways to carry out order. The opportunity is good example of those tricks of opportunity
chapter 2: desire
The narrator tells us that the dream of being rich is the startingpoint of his life. He writes a letter for the manufacturer of hearing devices to say that they have grown rich to be rich. "the depression brought you an opportunity to teach humble humility in ascendancy of this world" , he notes. In other words, it's not just about wanting to become rich but also about becoming useful to the people around him. This is how he got into business with Edison: he wanted to do what was right for him and make use of the resources he had on hand. But he didn't want to become the partner because he thought he would go through with it. So he went back to working at edisson again. Now he wants to help people hear and speak better. He attends a class for the deaf community where he learns from the professors how to communicate with the hard-of-hearing.
chapter 3: faith
faith is the starting point of all wealth. The law will raise awareness of how much imagination can be harnessed to achieve great success. christ's ideas about faith were a big hit in the U. S. during the early 1900s, when people believed that they could get rich by making promises and using affirmation to their minds, there was a huge increase in the value of money everywhere. Charles m wyab came up with the idea of faith as a way for people to develop an emotional response to any physical or mental challenge. He used his imagination to create this idea.
chapter 4: auto-suggestion
In this chapter, you'll learn how to make money by transmutating your desires. You'll also learn how the mind works and what it's like to be a successful salesman.
chapter 5: specialized knowledge
In this chapter, the narrator discusses the idea of knowledge as the answer to power and wealth. The lawyer for the paper pleads justification on the grounds that Mr. ford was ignorant. He says that there is 'a lot of Rich Rich in the Rich'. Dr. Ford also testifies that he has learned his lesson by consulting the payroll of other universities. This information will help him determine what kind of job he should have and how to obtain it.
